Internship Projects Experience:
-> Internship at nexalink:
I built a lot of chatbots here where i used disnake a library of python to build discord centric chat-bots. these bots majorly interact with a SQL based database and provide several functionlity such as
maintaining the ranking among user, giving attention of different tasks, pinning of messages in a group etc.
These bots served as a useful tool for the game developers who were doing a unity developmet in a group, several communities had also used these bot to maintain several ranking among their posts or users.
Bots named as GRAVITY BOT and POST_VOTE BOT was also released in the market on subscription basis by nexalink. 

->At Atommic AI:
Here i got introduced more widely to AI, so i built a combination of Dashboard and chatbots powered by the open AI LLMs and a MongoDB databases. 
I had made several agents which were responsible for directly getting the result from the database just by writing the Natural language queries(TEXT->MongoDB query->RESULT).
A multi personna app was built by me , which includes information about sales, purchase, inventory. I got to learn autogen , openAI llm calls, Rag implementation and a lot of other use cases around AI.
Earlier the task of retrieval of data from the database was taking an average of 2-3 minutes for a new query by a data analyst .
But now with my implmentation the results were presented in less that 15 seconds( < 5sec if RAG was used to get the result). 

a. What did the system do?
The sytems which i made were majorly user centric:
1. For discord centric chat-bots ,range of functionality such as user ranking system, post ranking system, voting among a server, recommnedation feature, pinning and storing of 
attention messages,timer for the user chat control was built by me.
2. The dashboards and chatbots was user by a company which manages the restaurant chains in a city, this complete model proved as a very efficient way in data retrieval and majorly does the task of a data analyst.

b.What other systems have you seen in the wild like that?
The use case of (TEXT->MongoDB query->RESULT) was not widely available in the market in very efficient manner, other model such as (TEXT->SQL query->RESULT) is present since the data present in SQL is in very proper 
structure as compared to Mongo DB data orientation. Systematic Prompt engineering when MongoDB is concerned has affected the model accuracy a lot too whle the development.

c.How do you approach the development problem?
I try to first make a flow of how i will continue the task and then first start with the optimal approach comes to my mind, while developing i try to optimize the approach further and try to cover the edge cases properly.
Once a basic model is developed I test it out with several prompts and then further improve some edge cases if its still relevent. Testing out each block for my code help a lot in debugging at the end stage too.

d.What were interesting aspects where you copied code from Stack Overflow?What did you learn from some very specific copy paste? Mention explicitly some of them.
1. Not copied the complete code from the stack overflow directly but there was a case where i had to connect my project to an SSH which was very new for mw and i tried it for a very longer time but want able to resolve it,
So the issue was finally resolved by a discussion in Stack Overflow.
2. There was also an issue i faced when i was writing my termination logic for the autogen agentic conversation. 
So a approach mentioned in the Stack Overflow discussion help me a lot in forming the complete termination condition.












